= wiki_unc

== What is this?

This is based on an old plugin which provided the ability to make a link to files on your server share. However this allowed only the file:// type URI schemes. This fork adds an additional macro to link to any type of URL from an issue or the wiki using markdown.



== How to Install


B. Otherwise
   1. Download an archived version (.zip file) of the plugin from
      https://github.com/ark-/redmine_wiki_unc/archive/master.zip

   2. Unzip it. You are going to have redmine_wiki_unc_xxxxxxx directory.
      ('xxxxxxx' might be a combination of some characters)

   3. Move the directory into plugins\ directory within redmine.
      (You'll get \plugins\redmine_wiki_unc_xxxxxxx\
      directory and have some files in the directory.)

   4. Restart Redmine


Note: Currently you don't have to do 'rake db:migrate_plugins' because this plugin does not use DBs.


== How to use the new custom URI macro

1. Wherever you can use Wiki notation, you can write 'custom_link' macro like this:

     {{custom_link(steam://browsemedia)}}

   The path can be containing white-space without the double quotation marks.
   The path cannot be containing comma(,).

2. You can specify a 'label' instead of displaying the custom path.

     {{custom_link(steam://friends/, Open Steam friends list)}}

== How to use the legacy UNC-only macro

1. Wherever you can use Wiki notation, you can write 'unc' macro like this:

     {{unc(\\server-name\dir\to\file)}}

   The path is the thing just copied from Windows Explorer.
   You need to trim double quotation marks ("...") surrounding the path if exists.
   The path can be containing white-space without the double quotation marks.
   The path cannot be containing comma(,).

2. Then you'll get the HTML tags below:

     <a href="file://///server-name/dir/to/file">\\server-name\dir\to\file</a>

   You can save time to type '/' 5 times! :)


== How to update the installed version

Repeat the steps for the installation.


== Tips

1. You can specify a 'label' instead of displaying UNC path.

     {{unc(\\server-name\dir\to\file, Label of the file)}}

   Then you'll get the HTML tags below:

     <a href="file://///server-name/dir/to/file">Label of the file</a>

2. For file:// scheme, if you are using Firefox, you'll be happy with LocalLink plugin.
   (Update: The plugin is currently not working with the latest version of Firefox.)

   If you are using Chrome, you'll be happy with LocalLinks plugin.
   https://chrome.google.com/webstore/search/LocalLinks

   Internet Explorer can handle file:// scheme without any add-ons.

